Extend `ThatArePublicOrInternal` to also look at the setter of properties (#2082)
fluentassertions/fluentassertions: docs/_pages/releases.md

* Added new extension methods to be able to write `Exactly.Times(n)`, `AtLeast.Times(n)` and `AtMost.Times(n)` in a more fluent way - [#2047](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2047)

### Fixes

> * Fixed `ThatArePublicOrInternal` property of `PropertyInfoSelector` not including properties with set accessors - [#2084] (https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2082)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `PropertyInfoSelector.ThatArePublicOrInternal` now takes the setter into account when determining if a property is `public` or `internal` - [#2082] (https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2082)
```
